feat(pipenv): add support for auth (#24581)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/getting-started/private-packages.md

}
```

### pipenv

> If a `Pipfile` contains a `source` with `USERNAME` or `PASSWORD` environment variables and there is a `hostRule` with a matching host, then these variables would be passed to `pipenv lock`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `Pipfile` contains a `source` with `USERNAME` or `PASSWORD` environment variables and there is a `hostRules` entry with a matching host plus `username` and `password` fields, then these variables would be passed to `pipenv lock`.
```
